(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Why are you so quiet?
Don't you want to go?
Do you like working at the company more?
I...
- I'm... - Seo Ji An.
No.
Choi Eun Seok.
Eun Seok.
Go study abroad.
You couldn't do it because you lived in that house.
Do Kyung, are you sure?
It looks like she doesn't want to go.
No, I think she's just shocked.
Do Kyung, please tell her.
It's my surprise gift for you.
I didn't expect you to be so shocked.
I wanted to go study art.
A sculptor.
I wanted to be a sculptor...
like Niki de Saint Phalle who made...
Rodin scheming Camille Claudel look petty.
- Plans for Eun Seok? - Yes.
I'm wondering what you're planning to do with her...
after you reveal her to the public.
Are you going to continue to teach her business?
We haven't decided yet.
We need to see her capacity beforehand.
And she's old enough. She should get married first.
She should get ready for it.
What about sending her to study abroad?
Study abroad?
To study art.
She said she wanted to study sculpting.
And Mom always wanted to open an art gallery.
Opening a gallery for her after her studies...
is good for Eun Seok and it fulfills your dream.
Did she say she wants to go study abroad?
No. I just thought that she's too obsessed...
with the 40th anniversary event.
I know you want her to meet our expectations,
but she wanted to study art.
I don't think she is doing work for fun.
We should help her to accomplish her dream...
to make her feel satisfied with joining the family.
It'll also help her to find a fiance.
I was worried that it wouldn't be easy...
to find someone for her because of her age.
What do you think, Honey?
I was also worried about her future.
She'd like studying abroad,
but we'd have to stay apart again.
We should bare it for a greater outcome.
We should tell her now to cheer her up.
How about we surprise her?
My acting must've been so good.
She was so scared that she followed me in silence.
And we only made it worse.
We're sorry.
Oh, dear. Eun Seok.
She must be so happy.
I'm sorry.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Eun Seok.
I'm getting changed. I'm going to get a shower.
Is that so?
Why is she like that?
Don't you think she has changed?
She was pretty bright when she started to work,
but she's completely frozen now.
She used to be an employee on contract,
but she needs to take care of such a big project now.
Of course she's scared.
Is it too much for her?
She didn't have enough time to adjust.
She's nervous because she's trying.
She wants to succeed the anniversary event.
I'm sure she'll be fine.
Right. I can tell that she's your daughter.
I'm going to read some books in the study.
("Casablanca")
- Hey. - Yes?
I love you.
Thank you.
The man...
I really love...
Are you all right?
Why did you call me out if you're so worried?
- Chuck flap tail, please. - Okay.
Hey. That's way too expensive.
Pork belly, please.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We don't serve pork.
- Chuck flap tail, please. - Okay.
Why did you want to come here?
The doctor said you have to eat healthy.
You've lost so much weight.
Whatever.
Let's try it.
Soo A.
What is this?
Why would you bring the rings? I should do this.
Because I was the desperate one.
My situation...
hasn't changed at all.
Do you think I don't know?
When I got my job,
my grandmother passed away...
due to stomach cancer.
I used my rent deposit...
to pay for Grandma's surgery.
When I got the semi-basement rent,
I told myself...
that I should never get married.
My father...
had fallen after he got old.
But I had to start with a big debt...
when I'm not even 30.
I had no other choice.
I was born as the oldest child of this family.
I'm sorry.
A guy like me is stopping you from leaving.
We can rent a place...
with what we spend at the comic book store.
As long as we don't have a kid,
we can manage with what we both earn.
Well, what do you think about living in my house?
How?
Is there a spare room?
Eun Seok.
She left.
She left early again? When?
About 30 minutes ago.
I saw her going down when I came out for a shower.
30 minutes?
(Mom from Daebang-dong, Dad from Daebang-dong)
(Mom from Daebang-dong)
(Mom)
(Dad from Daebang-dong)
(Dad)
(Father)
(Vice Chairman)
(Mother)
(CEO)
(Do Kyung)
(Opening 11am, Closing 10pm)
Hyuk.
Hi.
Why are you here?
I just came to visit you.
You should leave.
Have breakfast with me, please.
I'm starving.
I should've given you some of mine.
No, I don't get to eat regularly.
I had to eat when I could, so it became a habit.
You dressed up like you always have fancy meals.
But it looked like you haven't eaten for days.
What?
I didn't starve.
But I just couldn't eat well for a few days.
Why?
I know I'm asking for too much,
but I hope you won't ask me anything.
You won't answer even if I ask?
Take your time. You'll upset your stomach.
I don't know where you are or what you are doing.
But for what are you being like this?
Your outfit became fancy now,
but you look miserable.
"Why and how did I end up here?"
That's what I'm thinking about now.
Do you like me?
What?
Don't act so surprised. It's insulting.
I know that you don't like me,
but I can't come up with a reason why you'd loiter...
around where the guy you don't even like works.
Number one.
You're the only person I could visit.
What?
Number two.
I needed someone whom I can speak as Seo Ji An.
Number three.
I needed someone whom I could eat with at ease,
and you're the only person I could do so.
Number four.
You will be angry for a while,
but you will forgive me in the end.
Which one would you like better?
What are you talking about?
Did you forget that you sent money,
and didn't leave a number to never see me again?
I choose all.
Give me your phone.
If you want,
I'll just listen without asking any questions.
Call me if you need ears for your story.
Try not to carry all of your burden by yourself.
I won't accept your apology.
Then...
Thank you, Hyuk!
Now, don't I look like the Ji An you used to know?
Seriously.
(Plain Bread)
(Sponge Cake with Bread?)
(Owner of Cafe, Hee)
Yes, ma'am.
A group of customers?
Right now? You need eight?
Tell her we can provide with whatever she needs.
- Tell her we can. - Yes, we can.
I'll deliver them right now. Okay.
It's the owner from the cafe.
I know. Where are the plastic bags?
Hurry. Come on.
Keep wrapping.
Here you go. Put this in.
That's it. Go on now.
2 cups of Vanilla Latte, 3 cups of Americano,
and two cups of Caffe Latte.
Give the Americanos first.
You shouldn't mix up with other orders.
- Your coffee is here. - All right.
Here's your coffee.
Only two cups of Caffe Latte are left.
How did you remember all of that?
Well, I used to work at a cafe.
I'm the master of part-time jobs.
Thank you so much.
I would've been in trouble without your help.
I'll get going now.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Bye.
Hello, good morning.
Please serve these to table three.
Goodness. This...
Give this to the girl from the bakery. This is hers.
Excuse me!
(Bouillabaisse and ciabatta)
(Focaccia sandwich with feta cheese)
I did it! I said hello to him!
The bread helped me!
I knew it. The bread is on my side.
But why are you so late?
I'm sorry. She had a lot of customers.
She was beside herself,
so I had to help her.
I'm sorry I didn't ask for your permission.
There's no need for my permission.
That's not necessary.
Yes, I'm working on the winter products' concept.
I'll report about it soon, Vice President Choi.
Yes, sir.
What is it? Do you have something to tell me?
I'd like additional employees assigned...
for the 40th anniversary event.
It's too much for me to handle alone.
I guess the size of the event is too big.
Who would you like to work with then?
Ms. Yoon Ha Jung.
- Yoon Ha Jung? - Yes?
Do you really mean that?
When I wasn't here,
she was in charge of the proposal,
so she must know it better than anyone else.
Ms. Yoon.
Ji An wants you to prepare the event with her.
What?
What's your plan, Ji An?
What do you mean?
Succeeding the event will raise your ratings much.
You wouldn't want to give me that opportunity.
You want to see me struggle, don't you?
It's for the company.
It's a very important event,
so I just wanted to prepare for everything.
What do you mean by "everything"?
What if I suddenly die by a car accident?
What?
There's no guarantee that it won't happen.
If I suddenly get sick, hurt,
or disappeared somehow,
it would be a big problem.
So...
I thought someone else...
should know what's going on.
You're unbelievably responsible, aren't you?
Didn't you know how responsible I am?
So would you do it or not?
All right. I'll do it.
But you must work hard.
You can't be half-hearted.
Then put my name on the promotional video too.
All right.
- Say we co-directed it. - Okay.
You really are going to make me the co-director?
But you must know as much as I do,
and you must be as responsible as I am.
You must be able...
to finish the event even without me. Okay?
Okay.
What happened?
Ms. Yoon and I decided to work together.
Ji An.
Are you really going to make her the co-director?
- Yes. - What?
But you have other people too.
Mr. Jo.
What's wrong with you all?
You shouldn't bring your personal life into work.
Shouldn't you do so too?
Ji An is such a nice person.
Study these copies of my research data.
All of these?
Ms. Yoon and I will go discuss the schedule.
Get your file, and follow me.
Right now? Already?
We will finish the event promotion by the 16th.
By the 19th, we will hire people for the event...
through the agencies and sign contracts.
We will constantly check the progress...
and finish everything by the 23rd.
The 23rd?
Why would you hurry so much?
We just need to check everything before d-day.
Wouldn't it be better to finish it beforehand?
Anyway, this is our schedule.
You take care of the customer model...
fashion show and the C'est Si Bon concert.
I will take care of the hand-printing contest,
natural dye workshop, and the rest.
Until the 23rd,
we have to finish everything.
Ji An, do you die on the 23rd?
We still have a full week.
It's the 23rd.
This is the deadline. You should never forget.
Now that you're a regular employee...
and the vice president loves you,
you are giving everything you have.
I will promote it through newspapers and magazines.
You make the posters and catalogues.
Right. And did you send...
text messages to all of our customers...
about the event?
Of course I did.
All right.
I'm going out for a while. Call me if you need me.
- Where are you going? - This event...
will be included in our promotional video.
One of our events on old memories lack substance,
so I'm going to do some research.
Why is she so determined?
Taxi.
I'm sorry.
(Withdrawal slip)
(Korea office, Seo Tae Soo)
(Ji Tae)
Hello, Ji Tae.
Dad, when are you coming home today?
The store is so lovely.
I'm so jealous of you.
- Hold on. - What?
Okay, hold on.
Hello? It's me.
Ji Tae?
(Do Kyung)
Hello, Mr. Choi.
Where are you?
I am at Heyri, Paju.
You could've taken the driver to go that far.
You work at the marketing department now,
but you are not just any staff.
Okay. But I have to go in now.
Is that so? Okay. Come in then.
What?
This is insane.
What are you doing here?
You told me to come here.
When did I say that?
You cried when I told you to go study abroad,
disappeared early in the morning,
and ignored my calls.
"I'm troubled, brother."
Weren't you silently calling for my help?
You did have reasons to think that way.
By the way, how did you come here?
I am your boss.
I am the vice president.
Let's go in.
They've recreated an old street.
But why are we here?
It has nothing to do with the event.
The event will be included in our promotional video,
but we lack retro items.
I thought perhaps we could use these as our backdrop.
Look, it's an electronics shop.
(Radio, phonograph, TV, and antenna)
When is this from? Gosh.
(Seoul Pawnshop)
(Pub)
(Daejeon Barbershop)
Take a picture of me.
Wait.
What's this? Gosh, it stinks.
You didn't even care when I was trying to act cute.
You should've put on the wig too.
But someone else had worn it.
Do you never use anything...
previously used by other people?
Of course not.
Then how do you eat food at restaurants?
The plates and cutleries had been previously used.
They wash those.
You should stop eating food from anywhere too.
It's different from what I saw on blogs.
It won't be feasible to decorate with these.
They have so many fascinating things here.
It's 3D.
Here.
When you can't stand it anymore, tell me.
Come here. There's something really fun.
Look.
I'll take a picture of you.
Me?
Nobody here knows you anyway.
Hurry up then.
Take the picture. Here.
Stay still for a moment.
Like this?
Put your arm inside like this.
Hey, come here. Let's do this together.
I came to help my sister, but I ended up having fun.
I'm glad.
I know much about art,
but I was never interested in sculptures.
But these days, I'm taking interest in these.
If you study abroad and become a sculptor,
let's put your artwork in front of our building.
I'll take a bus from here.
Eun Seok.
Why do you keep leaving so early in the morning?
You didn't even answer my calls today.
Is something bothering you?
It's just that I wake up early.
When I sit in the park,
I can think about work more clearly,
so I just leave early.
Don't you want to go study abroad?
I am not skillful enough...
to think about something else...
when one thought gets held in my head.
Right now,
preparing for the event is hard enough.
That's not that important.
You don't have to do it well.
Hey,
where did that feisty Seo Ji An go?
I just...
wanted to do well.
You don't have to do well.
Your performance doesn't affect you.
You are the little sister of Haesung Group's heir.
Why can't you get away from your past?
It's for my own reasons.
I want to succeed this project.
That's all I can think about right now.
I can't understand you.
It'd be better to go separately.
I will just take the bus.
I can drop you off at the back of our office.
Why are you moving Ji Ho's things?
It should look spacious and clean.
They will be staying here when they get married.
Is Ji Tae getting married?
Isn't he just introducing his girlfriend to us?
Why would he introduce her to us...
if they're not getting married?
How about Ji Ho then?
What will happen when he finishes the exam?
Let's talk about that after we talk to Ji Tae.
Are we there yet?
We are here.
It's over there.
I am nervous.
You are famous for being emotionless.
And you're nervous?
Even though the ocean looks calm,
it's very dynamic beneath.
You don't need to be nervous.
They will like you as soon as they see you.
Especially my dad.
Ji Tae is so funny.
He's being so coy.
Why would he advertise his love story?
It's so obvious that you've never dated.
How do you know if I've never dated?
A woman who has ever dated a man...
would never wear her hair in pigtails.
Especially curly pigtails.
What's wrong with my pigtails?
Is this that bad?
It's not for a woman. It's for a little girl.
You mean I don't look feminine?
Right. You should change your hair now...
and be like a proper lady.
- We're here. - Welcome.
- Welcome. - Hello.
This is Lee Soo A.
These are my parents.
This is Ji Soo, and this is Ji Ho.
Nice to meet you. My name is Lee Soo A.
It's nice to meet you.
I am Ji Tae's youngest brother, Seo Ji Ho.
And my name is Seo Ji Soo.
Nice to meet you too.
My parents moved to Canada...
with my brother 10 years ago.
And I live in a female-only apartment.
My goodness.
You live in a female-only apartment.
You're quite a lady.
Not really.
I just get scared easily.
I don't have much money either.
We don't have money either.
But Ji Tae, you dated for four years.
Why did you never tell us about her?
Why would you ask that?
That's his privacy.
I used to not believe in marriage.
You didn't believe in marriage?
What do you mean?
I had no plans of getting married.
But after dating Ji Tae for four years,
I realized that he is so consistent and lovely.
So I asked him to marry me.
Thank you.
I thank you too. We don't have anything to offer.
I heard young women these days want rich men.
Well, if I move in with him,
I wouldn't spend so much money anyway.
Are you really going to move in here?
Your room is more spacious than I expected.
You are very tidy, aren't you?
Did Mom clean up?
I like this room. I love it.
Did you just say that you love it?
It's separated into two floors,
and it feels private.
Okay. After 1 or 2 years,
we should save up and move out.
Take care.
We will. Take care of yourself too.
Mom, if Ji Tae moves in,
what will happen to Ji Ho?
We already made a deal.
His marriage is important,
so please understand.
I will do whatever I can...
to get you a room.
Mom, you don't know...
that I'm so thrilled about moving out, do you?
Really?
You have such a narrow view.
My sister-in-law saved both Ji Tae and me.
She's the best.
I will help you.
What are you doing? Why did you close the window?
Your voice has gone a little hoarse.
The wind is bad for your throat.
You should walk ahead. Why are you following me?
I can't protect you if I walk ahead.
Let's go. I'll follow you.
Mr. Baker.
I will be back by 10.
What? But the bread comes out at 9:30.
I am sorry. Please pack these alone...
until I return.
Then can I bake my bread...
while the oven is resting?
Okay. Sure.
Yes!
Gosh, he looks great when he's dressed like that.
Sunwoo Hee?
I almost didn't recognize you.
Long time no see.
Don't you remember me?
I am Kang Nam Goo.
I used to sell hotteok in front of your school.
Don't you remember me?
I remember you.
Have you been well?
Hello.
By the way, do you live in this town?
No, I was just running an errand.
I see.
All right. Take care then.
Hee, what's wrong?
What?
You look as if you just saw a ghost.
It's... It's nothing.
Ji An works at the Haesung Marketing Team.
It looks great.
You're amazing, Ji An.
What?
Look who's here.
You...
Do you remember me?
Of course I do. What are you doing here?
I'm here to see my sister.
I'm here to see someone.
You already said you're here to see your sister.
No, that was a mistake.
Who are you meeting here?
I...
By the way, you're good at keeping secrets.
Secrets?
I didn't tell my sister that we met the other day?
We promised not to tell her about it.
Since you're so good at keeping secrets,
Should I tell you? About why I'm here?
This is unbelievable.
What? What is it?
I'm...
your sister's brother.
What?
I'm Ji An's brother.
Ji An's brother?
It really is unbelievable.
Are you here to get Ji An some snacks?
Lunch delivery.
You're in the wrong room. I didn't order lunch.
You don't order this. This lunch comes to you.
Ta-da!
Did I surprise you?
Ji Soo.
How did you get in here?
It's a secret. I can do many things.
You're supposed to work now.
What are you doing here at this hour?
Mr. Baker said I could go.
We're free during lunch time.
The bread is usually sold out before 11am.
We don't have anything to do until the afternoon.
Are you here to give me the bread you baked?
I made some ciabatta sandwiches.
It's really good.
Don't take it out.
I'll eat it outside. People will come soon.
Why? I just want to see you take a bite of it.
Try it. Come on.
What do you think?
It's not good.
Why? Is it bad?
It's really bad.
What? Hey, are you serious?
- Is it really that bad? - Yes.
Really?
I thought it was good.
Has it gone bad?
Poor Ji Soo.
What should I do with you?
This tastes good.
Just go. You don't need to see me out.
Why are you staring at me like that?
Ji Soo.
Go home safely.
And...
don't come to my office from now on.
Okay. I get it.
I just came here for my first time.
Stop trying to be a baker. It's not right for you.
Hey, now that you're rich,
you sound very arrogant.
You know I've come a long way to do this.
What do you know about bread?
I guess you've eaten a lot of gourmet bread.
You can do baking only as a hobby.
I was hoping to learn from Mr. Baker.
- Just go. - Okay.
Ji An, Ji Tae is getting married.
He's getting married?
His girlfriend came to our house to meet us.
They've been dating for four years.
How could he not tell us the whole time?
When is he getting married?
You should ask how she was first, don't you think?
So when is the wedding?
They haven't set the date yet,
but they say it will be soon.
By the way,
your biological brother seems kind of cool.
My brother?
Gosh, was I not supposed to tell you that too?
How did you know he was my brother?
My friend sent me a photo which took me by surprise.
Isn't the man behind them Choi Do Kyung?
Why would the busy vice president go there?
That is Choi Do Kyung.
- Unbelievable. - I'm 100 percent sure.
Who is she then? His girlfriend?
- I'm so envious. - Gosh, I know her.
I was a contract worker with her two years ago.
- Really? - Can someone confirm?
As far as I remember, her name is Seo Ji An.
Seo Ji An of the Marketing Team.
She was on the list of rejoining employees.
- Rejoining employees? - Rejoining employees?
He just got promoted to the vice president.
Then he got his girlfriend a permanent position?
I can't believe this.
It's been only 30 minutes, but the comments are...
It has 1,520 hits already.
Gosh, this is overwhelming.
That's because it was posted during lunch break.
What's the source, by the way?
It doesn't matter.
What matters is the fact.
Gosh, I knew it.
Vice President Choi kept getting on my nerves...
and covering up for Seo Ji An.
So do you think Ji An and Vice President Choi...
Is the girl in the photo in your team?
- Yes. - She's Seo Ji An, right?
The Giving Girl who was your contract worker.
Seo Ji An is making me very popular.
Right.
I found a news article. The couple in the photo.
They look like Ji An and Vice President Choi.
The figures look like them though.
You went too far. You can't even see their face.
(The history of Korean chaebol's bossiness)
What is that?
I told you.
I knew Seo Ji An was suspicious.
By the way,
can you believe this?
Gosh.
Sir, you should see what's on the bulletin board.
The bulletin board?
I got a scoop while smoking a cigarette.
Seo Ji An is getting off Vice President Choi's car.
They're wearing the same clothes as in the photo.
They got caught while going on a secret date.
Her name is Seo Ji An, and she's 28 years old.
A member of Haesung Apparel's Marketing Team.
A contract worker becoming a wife of the head?
Now I know...
why they chose your project proposal...
and why they hired you again.
What are you talking about?
Ji An.
Come here.
Who on earth did that?
(Mother)
How could you be so thoughtless?
I told you to be careful before we announce it.
I'm sorry.
The article about Korean chaebol...
is being amplified with your photos.
But what are you going to say about these photos?
People wouldn't believe it even if you denied...
a rumor that you're dating our employee.
But it's Eun Seok that we're talking about now.
I'll have to say we went to the museum together...
for our 40th anniversary event.
Do you think people would buy it?
Eun Seok won't be able to proceed with her work.
Our plan to reveal it...
on the foundation day has come to nothing.
What if we announce it sooner than planned?
Sooner than planned?
Even if reporters pry into the disappearance case,
they won't find much.
Eun Seok is already a full-time employee.
We could say we were helping her...
find her real family.
No.
The internet is too advanced.
Reporters will do anything for a story.
They'll try to reconstruct every detail...
of what happened 25 years ago.
They'll uncover every single detail...
of Eun Seok's past life.
(Father)
Hello, Dad.
Call the board of directors now.
We'll reveal her today.
Dad.
Rumors snowball with time. They never disappear.
If we can't keep this within the company,
Do Kyung will end up...
looking like a man who dated his own sister.
We can't go public right now.
We need to make up a story.
The longer we take, the worse it'll get.
We can't burn a house to get rid of a flea.
Gather the directors now.
I'll deal with the rest.
Do Kyung.
Eun Seok.
Come to the conference room at 6pm.
We're revealing you today.
What? You're going to do what?
This isn't something we can cover up.
My grandfather wants to tell the truth...
before people say I dated my sister.
No, you can't do that.
It's okay.
We're just pulling forward our plans.
I must call the directors...
to track who uploaded the photos. I'll hang up.
No, wait, Do Kyung.
Be there at 6pm. Don't be late.
What should I do?
What now? Oh, no.
Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no.
What should I do?
Eun Seok, where are you?
I got off the elevator.
So all the directors are here.
But where's the PR Team?
Here, sir.
Who will take the photos?
I will, sir.
Do well.
Yes, sir.
The reason I invited all directors,
the PR Team who maintains...
our company's website,
and the staff to take photos...
is because of the rumor,
which you all know, circulating the internet.
I will get to the point.
Choi Do Kyung, the VP of Haesung Apparel...
and the employee in the Marketing Team,
Seo Ji An...
They are not dating.
They are...
Sir.
If I may,
would you let me speak?
Please, sir.
Okay.
Hello, everyone.
I am Seo Ji An from...
Haesung Apparel's Marketing Team.
I worked there for two years and left...
when my contract was done,
and I recently returned as a full-time employee.
You must have already seen photos and rumors...
of me and VP Choi.
I'd like to explain that, so please hear me out.
While I worked as a contract worker,
I was unable to meet my superiors.
I was nothing but a part-timer.
I wasn't sure I would be hired full-time,
so I didn't care.
As I expected,
my contract wasn't renewed after two years,
so I left the company.
During that time,
I worked at an event in Yangpyeong.
That day,
I spoke with only two other people.
The shopper is abroad for now,
and I tracked down the other person.
Could you please tell them?
My name is Lee Kyung Ran...
and I work at Jeremy Hotel.
Last August,
my catering team was hired...
to work for an event at a villa in Yangpyeong.
She was there to work part-time.
She said she was hungry,
so I gave her a cereal bar as a snack.
This photo of me and VP Choi was taken...
while we were discussing my payment.
VP Choi hired me to read...
the foreign language script...
at that trunk show.
Does that mean you knew VP Choi before?
Yes.
Due to my careless speeding on the road,
I caused his car damage.
I owed him a repair fee of 20,700 dollars,
but he waived it.
What's going on?
Out of...
pity for my situation.
The car I was driving wasn't mine.
It was my superior's car,
and I have caused an accident...
while I was on an urgent errand.
So that's what happened.
When he heard I couldn't come up...
with all that money,
VP Choi waived it under one condition.
I had to work at the trunk show...
for that one day.
I lost my phone,
so I don't have the text messages,
but VP Choi might still have them...
Could you check to see if you still...
have those texts?
(Assailant)
Could you show it around?
I'll have a look.
"The event's over and they're cleaning up."
"Where are you?"
"I'm all alone."
"You should tell me..."
"whether to go or stay."
"Why aren't you picking up?"
"I spent all my cash to get here."
"I can't afford a taxi back."
"You're a third-generation conglomerate?"
"Good for you."
"Very well. I don't want to have..."
"any more to do with you."
"I'll wait until you get here."
"Even if that means waiting all night."
I apologize.
I didn't know who he was at that time...
and I was very rude.
Keep reading.
Thanks.
This is what VP Choi sent to her.
I'll read it.
"I'll text because I can't reach you."
"I apologize. Something urgent came up."
"Call me when you can."
"I'll settle the bill properly."
Because of something urgent,
he left before he could pay me,
and I'd gotten the wrong idea.
"Text me the balance..."
"and your bank details."
"I'll wire you the rest."
Were those from Seo Ji An?
No. The number is saved as "Assailant".
- "Assailant"? - "Assailant"?
"Assailant"?
Like I just said,
I'd lost my phone.
To prove that was my old number,
I got the phone company...
to print out proof of my old contract.
The number's the same.
I returned to the Marketing Team...
and met VP Choi again.
I'm currently in charge of planning and organizing...
Haesung Apparel's 40th anniversary event,
and the event will appear in the next PR video.
We went to research retro backdrops.
Here is what we have worked on.
What a surprise.
What a coincidence.
You're right.
VP Choi was quite generous, right?
- He is. - Good for him.
- Well done. - You must be tired.
I wish you well. Bye.
Dad.
How could something be so dramatic?
Why didn't you say you already knew her?
Later.
The meeting's over.
You two can leave now.
Why do you think? He was embarrassed.
I apologize.
Poor Eun Seok.
Why is she trying so hard?
We could've come clean today.
She's special.
She's our blood, and she wants my plan to succeed.
See? Things just got so much more dramatic.
Here's the summary...
of the director's meeting held today.
She owed 20,700 dollars for repairs,
and he waived that?
"It was my superior's car,"
"and I have caused an accident..."
"while I was on an urgent errand."
Everyone's raving about how cool our VP is.
"A third-generation heir into noblesse oblige."
Did you get a new car?
No, it's my boss'. I'm running an errand.
It looks like you're in real trouble.
Ms. Seo.
You worked so hard because you owed our VP.
You bumped into our VP's car?
Then why didn't you tell me so?
They didn't know each other then.
Mr. Choi had her saved as "Assailant".
Okay, so everything makes sense now,
but did you have to tell them...
that it was your superior's car?
I tried my best to keep that out,
but I had no choice.
Hello.
Ms. Seo.
Thank you.
I apologize, sir.
There's no need for that.
A team dinner is overdue. Let's go out tonight.
I will treat you all.
I need to thank Ms. Seo too.
I have to stay late as there's a lot to do.
Ji An.
It's fine.
I can't force you.
It could cause another misunderstanding.
Let's go without her.
I'll make it up to you later.
Ha Jung, you must work with me.
I'll do it tomorrow.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Why do I like you so much?
You suit me just fine.
There's no escaping me.
Did I scare you? Here.
But I'm your brother...
What are you doing here?
How could I treat my staff without my sister?
Why didn't you answer your phone?
I keep it on silent mode when I work.
But why are you here?
What?
Think about what you did today.
You sweet thing, you saved my family.
- Eun Seok. - No.
- What? - I'm...
not Eun Seok.
Are you drunk after just one can?
I am...
not your sister.
I'm Seo Ji An.
What?
The real Eun Seok...
is Ji Soo, my twin sister.
What...
What did you just say?
I am...
not Choi Eun Seok.
I am Seo Ji An.
The real Choi Eun Seok...
is my twin sister,
Seo Ji Soo.
Ji Soo...
is the real Eun Seok.